---
layout: post
title:  "Mega Meeting"
date:   2018-12-11 13:16:11 -0500
categories: jekyll update
author: "Gabe Aponte"
--- 

Well its crunch time here at WPI and double so for us. This week we are all focusing on finals, well at least most of us are, while also grinding to polish our game. Today we spent a good 3 and half hours making final changes and play testing the game. We played with the idea of making special cards stay throughout the entire game, but when I started hording jacks to defend myself against attacks and keep the red soldier for 5 turns straight, we thought it’d be best to have special cards completely discarded after use, so the game didn’t last forever. We also made final changes to bullet values for special cards. 3 bullets for a jack was too few and 6 for an ace was too high. So, we decided on 4 bullets for jacks and queens, and 5 bullets for aces and kings. We also found that we were more inclined to save bullets and buy special cards than actually attack players because bullets didn’t affect opponents that much to warrant attacks. So, we increased the bullet values to move opponents 4 spaces for each bullet. That was way to over powered and we found the only being able to use three bullets at max during an attack with the first bullet having a value of three while the second has a value of 2 and the third has a value of 1. This was a lot more balanced and made attacking worthwhile. All in all, we polished our game to the best of our ability. All that is left is for me to continue making the rules as clear as possible while Sam works on the website. Hopefully I don’t have any printing troubles when it comes time for that again. Overall, we really enjoyed working together and we all plan on going to the Fix Burger Bar Thursday night after the game is due, as long as Sam and Hunter can get over their social anxiety. If you are reading this, I hope you like the game!